1. TOPIC:
Miami Neighborhood Guide

2. Introduction/Business Problem:
# What's the best neighborhood for you in Miami?
Located on the southern tip of mainland Florida, Miami teems with diverse cultural experiences, artwork, nightlife, and beauty. Living in and exploring Miami can be a total blast
if you’re up for some adventure. However, finding the perfect home among roughly numerous Miami neighborhoods and municipalities can feel overwhelming. However, by grouping 
together neighborhoods with similar features, I can help you take a shortcut if you know what kind of a place you're looking for, no matter it's a quiet neighborhood with 
walkability, or a perfect viewing point with beach access. By showing those groups of neighborhoods on a map with distinct colors, you can see clearly where to look for your 
perfect stay in Miami.

3. Data Section:
To find all the neighborhoods and cluster them based on their features, we need the following data:
(1).A list of  neighborhoods in Miami City that includes neighborhood names, latitudes and longitudes, average rents and recent populations. 
(2).A list of  municipalities in Miami-Dade County, excluding Miami City area, that includes municipality names, latitudes and longitudes, average rents and recent populations.
(3).Foursquare data in JSON format for each neighborhood and municipality including venue names and catagories.

Discussion:
When people talk about Miami, or the Magic City, they usually refer to Miami-Dade County, which covers City of Miami, Coral Gables, and the famous Miami Beach, and many other 
surrounding areas. However, finding neighborhoods in Miami-dade county is relately complicated. The county can be divided into a list of Municipalities and Census-designated 
places, each having their own defination of neighborhoods. Counting all the neighborhood in every municipality would be too much for this project. To make things simpler and 
clearer, I decide to divide the data into two parts:
- Part 1: Neighborhoods in City of Miami following the defination in this [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_neighborhoods_in_Miami) page
- Part 2: Other Municipalities in Miami-dade county, such as Coral Gables, Kendall and Miami Beach.

For each part I construct a dataset including their names, coordinates and find their average rent* accordingly. In the end, I merge those two parts together and in this way I can 
construct a table containing neighborhood names, locations, populations and average rents for all the neighborhoods in Miami plus all the municipalities in Miami-dade. By using 
Foursquare data, I can explore and add popular venues in each neighborhood, thus complete the construction of this dataset.
(Rent*: The average rent in this project is calculated for two-bedroom apartments.)
